hi this is far starter and this is a
review of the Platinum Edition 30th
anniversary anniversary year of the
horse Optimus Prime
so yes this is the packaging I couldn't
fit in on the screen so let me go
through the details of it we have the
Hasbro logo and then this flap opens
supposedly you can see the figure right
here but I already took them out if you
can see it clearly there's the Autobot
symbol with the year of the horse Signia
and then we have technical data down
here and then we have Optimus Prime here
and then battle station mode and an info
about Optimus optimus prime with the
matrix of leadership another 30th
anniversary logo and here at the back we
have an image of the truck mode and
Optimus Prime with the imager and acts
and also the matrix of leadership those
are the things that you need to know
about the packaging now let's check out
Optimus Prime and truck mode to
celebrate 2014 Lunar New Year Hasbro
releases the Transformers a year of the
horse Optimus Prime Platinum Edition so
let's talk about Prime in vehicle mode
the toy itself sets a deep red and blue
color then highlighted with auspicious
gold or a silver on MP 10 on one side
the figure has the Autobot symbol
painted while the other side has the
Autobot logo with the year of the horse
the entire truck has no issue rolling
back and forth with the roller bearings
and rubber tires
it's crystal trailer uses a translucent
plastic with futuristic designs at the
back the doors are painted with Autobot
year of the horse mark similar to the MP
10 the trailer snaps together with the
truck and follows through quite nicely
for those who are new to this model
there are three modes for the trailer we
have the battle station mode where all
of the panels are open while the turret
is elevated there are small flaps on the
roof allowing you to close both sides
while still having the turret peeking
out together with the mechanical arm
another mode is the maintenance talk
where you can rest your Optimus Prime
and store
weapons such as the Energon axe and the
ion cannon now it's time to transform
in robot mode few gimmicks remain from
now the classic mt-10 such as storing
and folding the iron cannon at the back
of the figure or held by mechanical
fingers
the Energon axe can be used on both
hands but mind there are grooves that
you need to follow to place this
properly there are non like pipings on
the head as the V eyes are painted shot
the diecast more accurate matrix of
leadership continues to have a solid
feel and this is casted on Prime's
chamber from the chest and let's check
out Optimus Prime in robot mode so he
has head articulation it moves because
also of the transformation part right
here so you can push the head down or
you can lift it up it's up to you what
your preference is so other than that we
have arm articulation and then graduate
joint for not really a ratchet joint but
there's a joint for the elbow it moves
so in and out and then we have a subway
store circulation - and wrist joint
right here the fingers move like so it
opens and close just be careful on the
index finger because sometimes it pops
out then ratchet join here on the hips
so it swivels also in and out ratchet
joints also for the knees and an ankle
joint the pivots in and out and forward
and back so those are the parts for or
the articulation points for opto spine
and some of the highlights the key
highlights for this issue is the gold
chrome inside here the grilles
see stacks and these caps right here so
that is the addition so it does look
like the MT 10 or the masterpiece
Optimus Prime is just that it has been
chrome into gold and red just to
symbolize the year
the horse and also the symbol right here
has been changed and it has the Chinese
character for the year of the horse
right here so those are the parts and I
if you have a chance to get one this is
a really nice rendition for the year of
the horse for Optimus Prime
if if you don't like this you can always
get your unbeatens with the truck or the
trailer that comes that comes with it so
those are the things that you need to
know about Optimus Prime though I like
the deep crispy red and blue on the
figure many would agree that the gold
chrome pieces are very strange mixed
with silver linings in front the rest
the year of the horse Edition for the
convoy alone has more details than of
the MT 10 such as the silver fog lights
what I really wanted for the company to
maintain is a black gun instead of a
brownish and silver mix in addition it's
using black elbows and waist details
unlike the MP 10 maintaining in unison
color especially on the body and with
the absence of roller in the set makes
some collectors think twice before
jumping the bandwagon overall there are
hits and misses on the set but hey no
Prime is perfect and that is my review
of the transformers year of the horse of
those prime platinum edition if you want
to know the possibilities and details of
the figure check out the photos at the
end of the video and subscribe to our
blog for the full written review this is
far starter thank you very much for
watching and keep it here for more toy
reviews